Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Christ. what just happened?
- I just saved your arse.
It was about to be
handed to you on a platter.
I'm out of shape.
Gotta get back in the gym.
Did you recognize that guy?
No. Foreign. A fucking pro.
Took four of us and a moving vehicle
and he still walked away.
Well. not quite four of us.
These two crusties only count as one.
I'm not sure you count at all.
- What's her problem?
- Everyone.
- Tell me about Lavande.
- Lavande?
Yeah. before you were head Dog
you were David Cartwright's bagman.
- He sent you there.
- Oh. Christ.
This is about Les Arbres.
French trees?
It's a compound. Off-grid.
They're bad people.
Dangerous.
Professional killers.
I don't want the Park
anywhere near this. Jackson.
I'm exposed. If I walk into the Park and
tell them what I did. I'm not walking out.
Why? What did you do?
I'll do the debrief
back in the office.
Oh. yeah.
Not in front of the kids.
Fair enough.
It's a bit of overkill
on the security. no?
I thought we were just talking.
So talk.
Your Highness.
let me start by offering an apology.
Westacres did not go according to plan.
Not a great start to
our working relationship.
Mr. Harkness. I have people
in my country's security apparatus
who can do what you do.
The reason
I outsourced this job to you
was because I was told
you were discreet and left no trace.
Well. in normal circumstances. yes.
That is exactly what I do.
Unfortunately.
there was a confluence of events...
What did I pay you for?
A hit.
To look like an accident
in the Westacres parking lot.
You blew it up.
No. I did not.
That was part of the problem.
There was a weak link in my organization
that I should have spotted.
Next time I'll be more hands-on.
Next time?
I will fulfill the contract at a discount.
No. you will not.
So...
Why am I here?
If the British government found out
we had anything to do with Westacres.
it would cause untold diplomatic damage.
We want to erase anything
that links us to the bomb.
Fine. How about
we cut the theatrics. yeah?
And you tell me
what you really want...
I want this to have never happened.
I want to erase the trail.
Come on.
You're not gonna erase me.
I know how much noise you make
when you cut up a body.
That is why we have taken out
the floor above and the floor below.
Okay. Full refund.
Next five jobs for free.
Oh. holy shit.
Other people know about Westacres.
You will be paralyzed.
but awake throughout.
I will enjoy watching.
Well. kill me. but the people
who know are still out there.
Who?
Ex-service.
By the time you get the names out of me.
they'll have gone to ground
or fled to the Park.
Come on.
I need this to go away too.
I want them dead by midnight.
After that you work for me.
Sure.
I'll bring the old fucks back here
and chop 'em up myself.
Shit.
Dogs. Fuck.
What do they want?
Me probably. I keep
dicking their boss around.
Jump on the phone
and see if they're in the building.
Have they come in?
No.
They smelled the scent
of the big dog on the door.
Earlier today you literally
let the head Dog back in.
I was honey-trapped.
My one weakness is beautiful women.
which is why you're no threat to me.
They're hanging outside.
- Ho remains the dickhead's dickhead.
- Okay.
Wait here.
If they take me in
and Flyte hasn't nabbed Cartwright.
keep him safe and away from them
until River shows.
And you.
I hope your flight fund's up to date.
- You coming up?
- No.
Am I getting in?
No. I've just had it valeted.
Well. I can't stand here.
I'm getting soaked.
I'm going up.
You could've called.
Saved you the trip.
- I did. More than once.
- Really?
Ah. yeah. So you did.
Apologies. What?
You just parked up there on the off chance?
You lied to Flyte.
- Yeah.
- The dead man was an assassin.
You know. that's why
you've got a career in espionage.
Why would someone want to
kill David Cartwright now?
Have you met him?
I don't know why you're bothering me
with all of this.
Shouldn't you be out there
making sure no more bombs go off?
Where's River Cartwright?
And what is he up to?
He is in France.
retracing the assassin's steps.
I have no way of contacting him.
And I assume he's hidden
his grandpa somewhere?
Well. I'd like to think so. but as I say.
I have no way of contacting him.
I told Flyte that he was at
Catherine Standish's.
just to get rid of her.
What?
What. she not tell you. did she?
That's a bit disrespectful.
If either of the Cartwrights show.
I want to be the first to know.
And I tell you this
out of the goodness of my heart?
What goodness?
What heart?
Sure you don't want any tea?
No. thank you.
Something stronger?
I meant coffee.
He does that.
No one knows why.
Has anyone thought to ask him?
Well. it's quite hard
to find the right moment.
He's trying to block something out.
Can't I send him out
to help in the search?
You're not in charge of anyone.
You don't work here at the moment.
What do you mean at the moment?
I'm not coming back.
Well. there will be a vacancy.
because I'm going back to the Park.
Oi!
Great work. Longridge.
What a dickhead.
- Where is he?
- Catherine?
- Are you back?
- No.
David Cartwright. you know.
the Old Bastard.
is he upstairs or have you
shut him in the fridge?
She lost him.
- I moved him before Flyte got there.
- Where?
- My neighbor's.
- And?
- He got out.
- Oh. for fuck's sake. Standish.
You know. you wouldn't have lost him
if he was a bottle of gin.
He wants to speak to First Desk.
so we think he's heading for the Park.
Louisa is nearby. in case he shows.
I came here to get
some more people onto it.
Now. he might use a side entrance
or ask a policeman to get him in.
Jesus Christ. Jackson.
if he talks I'm in shit up to my nose.
Yeah. yeah.
He's out of his fucking mind.
How's he gonna find the Park?
He'll be wandering
the streets like a lost dog.
Scratch and Sniff. you get out there
and stake out the surrounding area.
- I'll go with them.
- What? So you can lose him again?
No. thank you.
Upstairs.
- Sit in on this.
- Why?
Or don't then.
You're late.
Had to get patched up.
- Where?
- Hip and shoulder.
I mean. where did you go
to get patched up?
Doctor.
Bertrand's passport is on the move.
which means River Cartwright
is coming back from France.
So will this doctor keep quiet?
When I left him
he was not making a sound.
And Chapman taken care of?
He had help.
Who?
I don't know.
This the shoulder that got hurt?
The clients are very unhappy.
If we don't take out the targets.
we get taken out ourselves.
So do you think
you can get this done?
Yes. sir.
Eat.
Maybe the people who helped Chapman
are helping Cartwright too.
So make sure Chapman talks
before you silence him.
How do I find him?
He'll have gone to ground.
Won't want to be caught by us.
Won't want to be caught
by the Park either.
Come on. These old fucks
are so predictable.
What does a spook do
when he's spooked?
He grabs his flight fund
and he flies.
You know where it is?
So France.
- Just the one trip?
- Yeah.
He sent me in for an extraction.
- No details.
- That usual?
- That lack of intel?
- Well. you know what he was like.
I do.
There's a reason he's known
as the Old Bastard.
Well. back then
it was just the Bastard.
I picked up a car in Dover.
He told me not to poke around in it.
I was glad I didn't.
because I wouldn't have gone through
customs if I'd known what was in there.
When I got to Lavande.
they took the car apart.
Who?
Mercenaries.
I only spoke to the leader.
Yank. Didn't get a name.
Scary fucker.
What did they find?
Cash. munitions. C-4. detonators
and IDs.
Cold bodies.
I don't suppose
you remember any of the names?
No. I didn't get to see them close up.
I would bet money
on one of them being Robert Winters.
Like I said. I didn't see.
What'd you get in return?
Who did you extract?
A girl. A young woman.
Place was fucked up.
These women and kids
hanging around all these psychos.
She didn't wanna go.
Fuck knows why she wanted to stay.
Who was she?
No idea.
Couldn't get a word out of her
all the way back.
I stopped off for petrol in the UK.
She gave me the slip.
And how did Cartwright react?
He didn't.
It was like he was resigned to it.
as if he'd expected her to run.
When I reported to the old building.
he...
Well. I thought
he'd lose his shit with me and fire me.
But I was fine with that...
You said he wanted to
report to First Desk.
Yes.
No. he's not going to the Park.
- That's where First Desk is.
- Not in his mind.
- Fuck's sake.
- Apologies.
I know you are. I know you are.
All right.
Trying to get away from me?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Thank you.
All right. Joshua?
Nice to see you.
Hi. All right. What's in the updates
that we've got here. guys?
That's really good work.
Keep us updated. will you?
Come in.
Take away the good looks
and there's really nothing there.
Sorry?
I didn't mean you.
Although you are turning out to be
a bit of a disappointment.
- Do you want to get that?
- No.
The reason your predecessor
and I parted ways.
apart from his encounter
with a concrete block.
was lack of communication.
Is there anything you want to tell me?
River Cartwright is still alive.
Lamb misidentified the body.
Yeah.
I warned you about Lamb. which is
why I checked the blood results myself.
But why did you withhold
the crucial update
- that a dead agent wasn't quite so dead?
- I apologize for the lack of updates.
I wanted to shake Lamb down
and have some answers for you.
- And how did that go?
- I think you know the answer to that.
Well. I've heard Lamb's version.
I'd like to hear yours.
He sent me to Catherine Standish's
where David Cartwright wasn't.
That's Lamb.
You're supposed to be a straight shooter.
You go behind my back one more time
and you are out.
Understood?
Yes. ma'am.
- Bring me the Cartwrights.
- Yes. ma'am.
In the Met we were always told to
follow the evidence wherever it leads.
You're not in the Met now.
You're at MI5.
I assumed
the same principles would apply.
Emma. contrary to what
you might think. I like you.
We've both had to work three times as hard
as any man to get to the same job.
So know that I have
your best interests at heart
when I tell you
that the severance package.
if you resign.
is far more generous
than should I fire you.
Would you like to write your letter now?
Ma'am. that's the old building calling.
You mentioned the old building.
- That's where he's headed.
- You need to call Louisa.
Stand her down.
No. no.
I didn't send her there.
You sent Marcus and Shirley.
- Will you call them?
- No. you call them.
- River has my phone.
- Oh. fuck. For crying out loud.
Here. Take it.
- And you're positive it's him?
- Yes. ma'am.
Okay. We're on our way there now.
Don't let him leave the lobby.
Of course.
We'll do our best to keep him here.
- Is he being a problem?
- No. He's fine.
He's just confused.
I told him someone
will be here for him soon.
Good. We won't be long.
- Louisa.
- Yeah. hi.
- Still no sign of him.
- Well. there won't be.
We think he's heading to the old building.
Oh. shit.
What?
Flyte just left.
Maybe someone called him in.
No... Well. Marcus and Shirley
are heading to you. okay?
Oh. yeah. Got 'em.
Flyte's on her way there too.
The receptionist must have called them.
- It's a hotel now?
- Yes. Very posh.
Yeah. the detention cells
are now massage suites.
They're still
full of Russians. ironically.
Yeah. well. if the Park
get to him before we do.
I'll be the one in a bloody cell.
River will never forgive me
if I don't protect David.
Your feelings or my freedom?
Pardon me for not giving a shit.
Nice to see you haven't changed then.
We've located David Cartwright.
Is he okay?
Physically he's fine. as far as I know.
Mentally he's not the man he was.
He's waiting for First Desk
over at the old building.
I'll debrief him myself when he gets here.
Actually. I have some news for you too
about his grandson.
Yes. I was waiting to update you on that.
Were you? Well. I'm all ears.
Let's do that now. shall we?
Oh. Giti.
Should HR be present?
That's funny.
No. Actually I gave Giti permission
to check the archives.
Just to see that there weren't any more
pesky glitches in the cold body program.
But unfortunately. she found one.
Adam Lockhead.
That name is irrelevant
to anything that's going on out there.
Well. I think not.
Here's a photo Adam Lockhead submitted to
the passport office for his last renewal.
This look familiar. does it?
- Yeah.
- Oh. Jesus.
Yeah. he is back from the dead.
Spit of River Cartwright.
wouldn't you say?
Cartwright left his ID on the body
and he must have taken Adam Lockhead's.
I'd say so.
Well. it tallies.
Adam Lockhead
entered the country from France
the day before
the attempt on David Cartwright.
He then went back to France
the day after David disappeared.
So we've got one cold body
responsible for Westacres.
Another attempted a hit
on the éminence grise of the Service.
God alone knows what's gonna happen next.
We're up to our necks in this!
Giti. get this ID over to Interpol
and the DGSE.
Do it somewhere other than this.
Look. we can't pretend
that these are some sins from the past
and just brush them under the carpet.
This is playing out now.
Right now in the present.
First steps. I debrief David Cartwright
and then we go...
No.
No. I'll debrief David Cartwright
and I'll take a view of the next steps.
which will be an audit
of our identity programs
and a review of our oversight practices.
The conclusions of which
will be made public.
Don't be such a sanctimonious fool.
I...
You know what. Diana.
I will allow you to take that back.
I will take back the tone.
but not the sentiment.
We need to find out
the specifics of what happened
- and if there's going to be another bomb...
- Yeah...
Not call in the management consultants.
You open the books to committees
and journalists and the public.
you never get them out.
And who ends up looking like
the bad guys?
Us!
I said elsewhere.
Apologies. ma'am.
Adam Lockhead's bought a ticket
back to London.
He's inbound.
Ma'am.
Flyte. keep one car on course
to pick up David Cartwright
and send the others to St. Pancras.
River Cartwright is coming in from Paris.
- Yes. ma'am. on our way now.
- Sorry.
All right.
You both go in and get him.
Why us?
Because he fucking hates me.
Do you have eyes on Cartwright?
Just arrived. Heading in now.
Right. I'll get David.
- No. I'll get David.
- No. you won't.
- You stop the Dogs.
- How am I going to do that?
I don't know. Do something.
I can't do it.
One of them might recognize me.
Sir.
Sorry?
Chapman. sir.
Bad Sam. Remember?
God.
Bad Sam.
Well. you were always good to me.
What are you doing here?
I'll explain while we walk. sir.
Walk where?
I must wait for First Desk.
What's that?
- Has there been a breach?
- No. it's just a test. sir.
- Let's go.
- No. no. I have to wait here.
You don't have to wait. sir.
I'm here to collect you and take you.
No... Nobody told me that...
- Did you ever work here?
- Yeah. for the last couple of years.
Falling apart by the end.
Excuse me. gents.
If you could just wait here a moment.
Thank you.
You left before I did.
First Desk asked me to collect you. sir.
His office is just back here.
No. it's not.
It's on the fifth floor.
Apologies.
but an alarm has been triggered.
It may be nothing.
but we have to check it out.
If you could just wait here
till we get the all clear.
Flyte's not gonna like this.
We should go in.
Sorry. sir. MI5.
- We need access now.
- Right. yes. Of course.
- Why are you here anyway?
- We need to go.
- Now!
- No! I'm waiting for First Desk.
Please.
He's only got a five-minute window.
Five-minute window.
Listen to me. he's standing by...
We're here for David Cartwright.
- Where are you taking me?
- Here he comes.
Look. he's sent a car for you.
- Hello. David.
- What are you doing here?
- Sit down. There you go.
- What?
When the Park realize I whisked him
away from the Dogs. they'll be after me.
And once they find out what
I did in France. I'm done.
You know.
what happened in France is on him.
Lamb. where are we going?
He's fucking senile. Jackson.
and a legend. Spotless record.
They kicked me out. remember?
Who are they gonna hang this on?
- I don't understand. I...
- Where's your flight fund?
- Everything's all right.
- In the office.
Well. it might've been blown.
There's a hit out on you. remember?
Well. I won't go in.
Fuck.
Call me once you're out.
Train's coming in now.
Just down there.
Excuse me. Keep to the side.
Keep to the side!
Excuse me. Step to the side.
Move!
Excuse me. please. Excuse me.
Maybe he ran off before we got here.
We would've seen him.
Or he's hiding on the train.
Check it.
He's gone down those stairs.
Oi! Move. move. move. move.
Just step to the side.
Move. move!
Move! Move!
Let's go.
- Stop! Stop!
- Move it!
Move. move. move!
Fuck.
Yeah. okay.
Well. you just keep looking.
Transport Police saw him get off
at London Bridge. but they lost him.
- So they're checking CCTV.
- He'll have got on a train.
- Yeah. but to where?
- Home.
Park were here waiting for him.
Did they get him?
No. not yet.
But I need to get in their system.
Find out what they know.
How they're ahead of us.
How will you do that?
Well. the same way
we got Cartwright's address.
I'll meet you there.
Don't show till Chapman's dead
after coughing up David.
Where are you off to?
I'm gonna disappear.
You don't have to kill me.
I'm gone.
No. I do have to kill you.
Whether it's quick or slow depends on
if you tell me where David Cartwright is.
Okay. okay. okay...
Good.
Fuck me.
Go. go.
Clear.
No.
River Cartwright...
back from the dead.
Nice to finally meet you.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-